50 million the first time 50 million the second time ok ok
Spend 50 million to buy a watch and get it free.
Okay, I'll let you not want this young master.
50 million going home for the third time
Congratulations to Miss Baguio for successfully buying and underwriting you.
Gold Watch
Do you like it?
The second item from the auction for you.
Medieval Degen custom-made suits
Carefully designed by 70 craftsmen
Starting price 10 million 12 million 50 million
Young Master Feng and this Qin Yun are competing
50 million dollars for a suit is too expensive
Mr. Feng is the best actor
There is money
Let alone this beggar
Even if Baguio is negative
I'm afraid it's 100 million.
One hundred million for this poor beggar
Spend 100 million on this stuff
Are you crazy?
go home
Do you like it?